Add build logic API for verifying that configuration cache is a hit/miss/discarded (#38618)
gradle/gradle: platforms/documentation/docs/src/docs/release/notes.md

See the [Testing with the Configuration Cache](userguide/test_kit.html#sub:test-kit-configuration-cache) section in the Gradle User Manual for more details.

#### Build logic can verify the Configuration Cache outcome

> Build logic can now observe the same outcome from within the build, through a new [`FlowProviders.getConfigurationCacheOutcome()`](javadoc/org/gradle/api/flow/FlowProviders.html#getConfigurationCacheOutcome--) lifecycle event provider that can be used as an input to [dataflow actions](userguide/dataflow_actions.html#verifying_configuration_cache_reuse):

Reviewer: 💅 
```suggestion
Build logic can now observe the same outcome from within the build, through a new [`FlowProviders.getConfigurationCacheOutcome()`](javadoc/org/gradle/api/flow/FlowProviders.html#getConfigurationCacheOutcome--) lifecycle event provider that can be used as an input to [dataflow actions](userguide/dataflow_actions.html#dataflow_action):
```

```groovy
flowScope.always(VerifyConfigurationCacheReuse) {
    parameters.outcome = flowProviders.configurationCacheOutcome
}
```

This makes it possible, for example, to fail a CI build when an expected Configuration Cache hit did not happen, without parsing console output.
When the Configuration Cache is not enabled, the provider reports [`NOT_ENABLED`](javadoc/org/gradle/api/configuration/ConfigurationCacheOutcome.html#NOT_ENABLED).

> 

Reviewer: 💅 

```suggestion

For more information, see the [dedicated section](userguide/dataflow_actions.html#verifying_configuration_cache_reuse) in the user manual.

```
